CAP-0033 Clarifications and Fixes (#650)
stellar/stellar-protocol: core/cap-0033.md

struct AccountEntryExtensionV2
{
    uint32 numSponsored;  // Number of reserves sponsored by this account
                          // This reduces the base reserve requirement
    uint32 numSponsoring; // Number of reserves sponsored for this account

>                           // This increases the base reserve requirement

Reviewer: In our working group we said
>numSponsoring: how many (reserves) I’m sponsoring (plus sign in the base reserve formula)
numSponsored:  how many of my reserves are sponsored by someone else (minus sign in the base reserve formula)

This seems like the opposite of the comment in this PR? Which is correct?

Author: The comments from the working group are correct. Thanks, fixed.

>                           // This increases the base reserve requirement

Reviewer 2: I'm still very confused by these descriptions. I thought I understand until I read the second comment on each. Is `numSponsored` reducing the base reserve of this account or another account?

Author: Clarified, let me know if you think it can use more work. I really want to be precise about this.

struct SponsorFutureReservesOp
{

>     // Source account will sponsor future reserves for this account

Reviewer 2: This comment should lead with the field so that it is clear who the field is in the comment. Because it leads with the source account that is not in this struct it is easy to think the source account is the sponsoredID here.

This might be a bit wordy for you, but:
```suggestion
    // SponsoredID references the account for which future reserves will be sponsored by the source account of the operation this SponsoreFutureReservesOp is specified within.
```

Author: Fixed, did something close to what you wrote. Thanks!

    UPDATE_SPONSORSHIP_SUCCESS = 0,

    // codes considered as "failure" for the operation
    UPDATE_SPONSORSHIP_DOES_NOT_EXIST = -1,   // specified entry does not exist
    UPDATE_SPONSORSHIP_NOT_SPONSOR = -2,      // not sponsor of specified entry

>     UPDATE_SPONSORSHIP_LOW_RESERVE = -3,      // owner cannot afford this entry

Reviewer 2: The term owner is new. There's no field owner that I can see, can we reference who cannot afford the entry specifically?

Author: Clarified.

    UPDATE_SPONSORSHIP_ONLY_TRANSFERABLE = -4 // sponsorship of ClaimableBalance
                                              // must be transferred to another

>                                               // account

Reviewer 2: Does this apply to only claimable balance? I would think this could happen for any sponsorship?

Author: Right now this can only happen for `ClaimableBalanceEntry`. Basically, every type of entry other than claimable balance has a default sponsor (the account that controls that entry, which is the account that reflects that entry in the `numSubEntries`). But claimable balance has no default, it always has to have an explicit sponsor.

The behavior of `SponsorFutureReservesOp op` is:
```
If an account is sponsoring future reserves for op.sponsoredID

>     Fail with SPONSOR_FUTURE_RESERVES_ALREADY_SPONSORED

Reviewer 2: This refers to already being sponsored just in the ephemeral sense inside this transaction, is that right?

attempting to merge an account that has non-zero `numSponsoring`. This is
required for sponsorship bookkeeping.

#### CreateAccountOp
`CreateAccountOp` will now be valid if `startingBalance >= 0`, whereas prior to

> this proposal it was valid if `startingBalance > 0`.

Reviewer 2: 💯 :shipit:

such as David Mazieres' proposal for Authenticated Operations, which can be found
at https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/stellar-dev/zpO0Eppn8ks/e1ULbV_lAgAJ.

### Why are Signer Sponsoring IDs Stored Separately from Signers?
For ledger entries, the sponsoring ID is stored within the ledger entry. But for
signers, the sponsoring ID is stored separately. Why take different approaches?
The reason is that `LedgerEntry` has an extension point but `Signer` does not.
So if we wanted to store the sponsoring ID in the signer, then we would need to
extend the `SignerKey` union. But this would force any downstream system that
interacts with signers to update as well, introducing complexity throughout the
ecosystem. Storing the sponsoring IDs for signers separately avoids this problem
entirely, but it is perhaps slightly less elegant. Still, the trade-off is more
than justified.

> ### Why Doesn't UpdateSponsorshipOp Obey Typical Rules of Sponsorship?

Reviewer 3: @jonjove which are the `Typical Rules of Sponsorship`?

created by mutual agreement. When this relationship is established, the
sponsoring account is endowed with the right to unilaterally end the
relationship (ie. revoke the sponsorship) as long as doing so will not leave the
sponsored account below the reserve requirement. But revoking the sponsorship
is strictly worse for the sponsored account than transferring the sponsorship,
because the worst thing that the new sponsoring account can do is revoke the
sponsorship. Therefore, the sponsoring account should be able to transfer the
sponsorship with the consent of the new sponsoring account but unilaterally with
respect to the sponsored account.

So how would a transfer work if `UpdateSponsorshipOp` were to obey the typical
rules of sponsorship? Let `S1` be the current sponsor, `S2` be the new sponsor,
`K` be the `LedgerKey` for an entry sponsored by `S1`, and `A` be the account
which controls the entry identified by `K`. We would need a transaction with

1. `S2` is source for `SponsorFutureReservesOp` with `sponsoredID = A`
2. `S1` is source for `UpdateSponsorshipOp` with `ledgerKey = K`
3. `A` is source for `ConfirmAndClearSponsorshipOp`

> But this clearly requires a signatures from the sponsored account, so if we are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But this clearly requires a signature from the sponsored account, so if we are
```

Author: Good eye. Fixed.

where `<FEE>`, `<SEQ_NUM>`, and `<TIME_BOUNDS>` should all be substituted
appropriately.

### Example: Revoke Sponsorship
In this example, we demonstrate how a sponsorship can be revoked. Let `S`
be the sponsoring account. Let `K` be the `LedgerKey` for an entry which
is currently sponsored by `S`. Then the following transaction achieves the
desired goal:

```
sourceAccount: S
fee: <FEE>
seqNum: <SEQ_NUM>
timeBounds: <TIME_BOUNDS>
memo:
    type: MEMO_NONE
operations[0]:
    sourceAccount: S
    body:
        type: UPDATE_SPONSORSHIP
        ledgerKey: K
```

where `<FEE>`, `<SEQ_NUM>`, and `<TIME_BOUNDS>` should all be substituted
appropriately.

### Example: Transfer Sponsorship
In this example, we demonstrate how a sponsorship can be transferred. Let `S1`
and `S2` be the sponsoring accounts. Let `K` be the `LedgerKey` for an entry
which is currently sponsored by `S1`. Then the following transaction achieves
the desired goal:

```
sourceAccount: S1
fee: <FEE>
seqNum: <SEQ_NUM>
timeBounds: <TIME_BOUNDS>
memo:
    type: MEMO_NONE
operations[0]:
    sourceAccount: S2
    body:
        type: SPONSOR_FUTURE_RESERVES

>         sponsoredID: S1

Reviewer 2: So when transferring sponsorship the sponsored account becomes the current sponsor? 🤯 This is very unintuitive to me.

operations[1]:
    sourceAccount: S1
    body:
        type: UPDATE_SPONSORSHIP

>         ledgerKey: K

Reviewer 2: It's difficult from looking at these two example transactions in isolation to understand what the update sponsorship is doing. Would it be feasible to give these specific names:

- `REMOVE_SPONSORSHIP`
- `TRANSFER_SPONSORSHIP`

The term transfer is what is used in the document so it sounds like the right vocab to use for the operation.

Author: By "these" do you mean the operations? I agree that would clarify intentions, but it would lead to more errors because fundamentally remove and transfer are the same operation. So it is my opinion that adding additional restrictions on which one to use would just lead to people using the wrong one and having their transactions fail.
